the witcher is one of these games
adventures in which the players
they will embody heroes had different
exploits throughout a plagued world
of monsters' problems and of different
different type of tests to obtain
a series of points score and so
by the base as the champion or the king of
that world throughout the game a
departure from the witcher remind others
Adventure games like rumba or not
world of warcraft but have tried
simplify things a bit to not
bind with so much standard that deployment is
simple is that there is a map a series of
decks and a few more cards each hero
will have to learn represented by a
of these character tokens we have
four choose that they will also mark us
the actions during his turn the
goal of the witcher is to finish the
starting with a greater pair with greater
possible points as you see in this account
marked with the character's tab and
to get points we will have to
solve adventures when a hero
solve three adventures the
game and you will see who has more points
the adventures are represented by
these tarot cards
each hero has a color on his tab
indicates which deck you take and these chips
these letters represent different
adventures that heroes can live
come to earn points
secondary heights to be able to say
complete while we are trying
complete the main and even some
supporting adventure that will allow
other heroes in our location
make a joint adventure with us
and so we both earn points
the turn of the ebro comes marked by two
actions are marked with these tokens and
they will continue to mark on the
character each character can have
different actions for example that
we can mark travel that allow
our hero move by a line
and we can mark develop that
will allow to receive letters of this March to
have put their own mallet for
develop the character a little
evolve not having more power
at the end as I say the 9 will have two
actions that the objective may choose
end that is solve adventures is going
fulfilling as they are getting
chips that normally indicate in this
section here to get those
chips will have the book that you will have to
investigate in different locations
each location has a magnifying glass and a
color then when a hero determines
that in that location moves up
there you can get a magnifying glass of that color
or if several colors of the one you choose
for example where is our hero
will have a red magnifying glass a tab
of red magnifying glass
here I would get a high to violet here
a blue magnifying glass here could choose between
a blue a violet here could even
choose between any of the three
colors in a location like this
allows us to have two magnifying glasses
we have special organizations that
allow you to heal at the moment you
our hero will get a number of
magnifying glasses equal to the exchange rate of your
tab for example our hero with three
red magnifying glasses gets one of these chips
of the sword can make that change to catch
those three chips return them and get to
I change a sword token that
will allow to accumulate to solve the
adventure that is how you see here your
objective in this case have two the
moment you have it and it is in the
site indicate the adventure there will be
fulfilled and will raise voting points
as I say during the hero's turn
You can do several things as they are
move as is develop or even
investigate in some area that is no more
to take one of these letters that
they will have a series of tests once
finished the turn his two actions the
hero will have to check if in his
location there are monsters like these or
chips of fateful destiny that takes the
letters of these as those can
push the two things or you may not have
none with which you will have to advance
in this meter so that it is placed in
that zone the combat that is the last thing
it remains to tell us the simple the hero
will have three combat states all
heroes will have the same and they will have
data of the delight for example
It has three other red states
heroes have a single die each of
your color will be stripped down we understand that
check results that can be
swords can be shields can be a
luck of shield that will transform into
shield with the help of a sword or
diverse results
by these these swords these
shields we will compare them with the value
of the monster can we defeat it or not
taking us rewarded helping us punishment
when a hero as you say as I say
complete three heights the game is
ends and the one with the most points
it's a pretty simple game
understand and that will get us into this world
of the witcher that allow us to live
different heights in the skin of these
wizard wizards based on the 78 in
Spain 'books of the sorcerer saga